Selenium Interview Questions

What is Automation Testing?
What are the different types of locators in Selenium?
What is the difference between assert and verify commands?
What is an XPath?
What is the difference between “/” and “//” in Xpath?
What is Same origin policy and how it can be handled?
When should I use Selenium Grid?
What do we mean by Selenium 1 and Selenium 2?
Which is the latest Selenium tool?
How do I launch the browser using WebDriver?
What are the different types of Drivers available in WebDriver?
What are the benefits of Automation Testing?
What are the different types of waits available in WebDriver?
How to type in a textbox using Selenium?
How can you find if an element displayed on the screen?
How can we get a text of a web element?
How to select value in a drop down?


 
Most Popularly Asked Selenium Interview Questions
What are the different types of navigation commands?
How to click on a hyper link using linkText?
How to handle frame in WebDriver?
When do we use findElement( and findElements(?
How to find more than one web element in the list?
Why should Selenium be selected as a test tool?
What is the difference between driver.close( and driver.quit command?
Can Selenium handle windows based pop up?
How can we handle web based pop up?
How can we handle windows based pop up?
How to assert title of the web page?
How to mouse hover on a web element using WebDriver?
How to retrieve css properties of an element?
How to capture screenshot in WebDriver?
What is Junit?


What are Junit annotations?
What is Selenium? What are the different Selenium components?
What is TestNG and how is it better than Junit?
How to set test case priority in TestNG?
What is a framework?
What are the advantages of Automation framework?
What are the different types of frameworks?
How can I read test data from excels?
What is the difference between POI and jxl jar?
What is the difference between Selenium and QTP?
Can WebDriver test Mobile applications?
Can captcha be automated?
What are the testing types that can be supported by Selenium?
What is Object Repository? How can we create Object Repository in Selenium?
What are the limitations of Selenium?
What is the difference between Selenium IDE, Selenium RC and WebDriver?
When should I use Selenium IDE?
What is Selenese?



Explain the difference between single and double slash in X-path? Single slash ‘/ ’
Explain what is assertion in Selenium and what are the types of assertion?
How will you find an element using Selenium?
List out the technical challenges with Selenium? Technical challenges with Selenium are
List out the test types that are supported by Selenium?
Mention what is Selenium 3.0?
Mention what is the use of X-path?
What is Selenium 2.0?
What is Selenium and what is composed of?
Can we use Selenium grid for performance testing?
Can we use Selenium RC to drive tests on two different browsers on one operating system without Selenium Grid?
Explain how Selenium Grid works?
Explain how to assert text of webpage using selenium 2.0?
Explain how to iterate through options in test script?
Explain how you can capture server side log Selenium Server?
Explain how you can debug the tests in Selenium IDE ?
Explain how you can find broken images in a page using Selenium Web driver ?




Explain how you can handle colors in web driver?
Explain how you can handle frames using Selenium 2.0?
Explain how you can insert a break point in Selenium IDE ?
Explain how you can insert a start point in Selenium IDE?
Explain how you can login into any site if it’s showing any authentication popup for password and username?
Explain how you can switch back from a frame?
Explain how you can switch between frames?
Explain how you can use recovery scenario with Selenium?
Explain in Selenium IDE how can you debug the tests?
Explain using Webdriver how you can perform double click ?
Explain what are the JUnits annotation linked with Selenium?
Explain what are the limitations of Selenium IDE?
Explain what can cause a Selenium IDE test to fail?
Explain what is Datadriven framework and Keyword driven?
Explain what is framework and what are the frameworks available in RC?
Explain what is the difference between Borland Silk and Selenium?

Explain what is the difference between find elements () and find element () ?
Explain what is the main difference between web-driver and RC ?
For Database Testing in Selenium Webdriver what API is required?
From Selenium IDE how you can execute a single line?
From your test script how you can create html test report?
How can we handle pop-ups in RC ?
How can you prepare customized html report using TestNG in hybrid framework ?
How can you retrive the message in an alert box ?
How do you identify an object using selenium?
How Selenium grid hub keeps in touch with RC slave machine?
How will you handle working with multiple windows in Selenium ?
How will you use Selenium to upload a file ?
How will you verify the specific position of an web element
How you can convert any Selenium IDE tests from Selenese to another language?
How you can use “submit” a form using Selenium ?
In Selenium IDE how you can generate random numbers and dates for test data ?
In selenium IDE what are the element locators that can be used to locate elements on web page?
In Selenium what are Breakpoints and Startpoints?
In which format does source view shows your script in Selenium IDE ?
List out different types of locators?


List the advantages of Webdriver over Selenium Server?
Mention different exceptions you had in Selenium web driver?
Mention in what ways you can customize TestNG report?
Mention what are the advantages of Using Git Hub For Selenium?
Mention what are the capabilities of Selenium WebDriver or Selenium 2.0?
Mention what are the challenges in Handling Ajax Call in Selenium Webdriver?
Mention what are the types of Listeners in TestNG?
Mention what is desired capability? How is it useful in terms of Selenium?
Mention what is IntelliJ?
Mention what is Listeners in Selenium WebDriver?
Mention what is the difference between Implicit wait and Explicit wait?
Mention when to use AutoIT?
Mention why do you need Session Handling while working with Selenium?
Mention why to choose Python over Java in Selenium?
Other than the default port 444 how you can run Selenium Server?
To enter values onto text boxes what is the command that can be used?
To generate pdf reports mention what Java API is required?
Using Selenium how can you handle network latency ?

Using Selenium IDE is it possible to get data from a particular html table cell ?
Using web driver how you can store a value which is text box?
What are core extension ?
What are the advantages of RC?
What are the advantages of Selenium?
What are the features of TestNG and list some of the functionality in TestNG which makes it more effective?
What are the four parameter you have to pass in Selenium? Four parameters that you have to pass in Selenium are
What are the technical limitations while using Selenium RC?
What are the two modes of views in Selenium IDE ?
What if you have written your own element locator and how would you test it?
What is heightened privileges browsers?
What is JUnit Annotations and what are different types of annotations which are useful ?
What is Object Repository ?
What is regular expressions? How you can use regular expressions in Selenium ?
What is same origin policy? How you can avoid same origin policy?
What is Selenese and what are the types of Selenese ?
What is selenium RC (Remote Control)?



What is the command that is used in order to display the values of a variable into the output console or log?
What is the difference between getWindowhandles() and getwindowhandle() ?
What is the difference between setSpeed() and sleep() methods?
What is the difference between type keys and type commands ?
What is the difference between verify and assert commands?
Which attribute you should consider throughout the script in frame for “if no frame Id as well as no frame name”?
Which web driver implementation is fastest?
While injecting capabilities in webdriver to perform tests on a browser which is not supported by a webdriver what is the limitation that one can come across?
While using click command can you use screen coordinate?
Why Selenium RC is used?
Why testers should opt for Selenium and not QTP? Selenium is more popular than QTP as
Why to use TestNG with Selenium RC ?